setup
1. git clone repo
2. npm install
3. connect phone, run adb devices to check if phone is connected
4. npx react native start to start metro
5. press 'a' for android after metro starts and start using the app

singup and login:
1. signup with email, username and password. password has to be 8 chars long
2. verify email 
3. you should automatically be logged in after email verification
4. log out and log in (username and passwrod). you should be able to use your password
5. you should remail logged in after you close the app and reopen it

profile:
1. profile tab at bottom right should take you to your profile
2. edit your profile. do the bio etc once and profile pic once. there is slight delay before the bio or the profile pic updates

home:
1. i havent worked on home/posts yet. everything you see if hardcoded and non interactable

search:
1. search is working. You can search users by their full or partial usernames
2. clicking on search result will take you to their profiles 
3. you can follow/unfollow users there, messaging has not been implemented yet
4. currently these usernames are registered: hellyeahdave, zerocook, nastyneer and aarif
5. your usernmae will be searchable and clickable immediately after signing up
6. You can notice that a few moments after clicking follow, the button will change to unfollow and if you naviagate to your profile, your 'following' number will increase by 1
7. However I am unable to change the 'followers' of the person i just followed

temp screen:
click on shop or reels buttons at the bottom and you will get to a page under construction. you can see your profile info and the profile info of you clicked most recently there. use those for debugging. 

amplify:
1. graphql schema is located at amplify/backed/api/instakram
2. if you change the schema you will have to push it to amplify which will require amplify cli on you machine
3. mutations and queries generated by aws-amplify  are located at src/components/graphql
4. mutations and queries i wrote based on those written by aws-amplify are located at src/components/customgraphql
5. Types for graphql shit is at src/API.ts

